# Timelog for Lars Doorenbos (s2507803)

| Date         |   Timestamp | Description                                                       |
| :---:        |       :---: | :---:                                                             |
| *2018-02-22* | - |  First meeting with TA/customer and PyDash.io group |
| *2018-02-22* | - |  First meeting with TA/customer and PyDash.io group |
| *2018-02-22* | - |  First meeting with TA/customer and PyDash.io group |
| *2018-02-22* | - | Discussion with group  |
| *2018-02-25* | - | Writing introduction |
| *2018-02-25* | - | Familiarizing myself with Flask |
| *2018-02-26* | - | Meeting about requirements document and project in general |
| *2018-02-26* | - | Meeting about requirements document and project in general |
| *2018-02-26* | - | Meeting about requirements document and project in general |
| *2018-03-04* | - | Catching up on missed meeting, installing flask and pycharm |
| *2018-03-04* | - | Learning python and flask |
| *2018-03-05* | - | Meeting about next sprint and project in general with whole group |
| *2018-03-05* | - | Meeting about next sprint and project in general with whole group |
| *2018-03-05* | - | Meeting about next sprint and project in general with whole group |
| *2018-03-05* | - | Meeting about next sprint with frond end-team |
| *2018-03-07* | - | Relearning javascript |
| *2018-03-07* | - | Learning react |
| *2018-03-08* | - | Meeting with TA/customer |
| *2018-03-08* | - | Front end meeting |
| *2018-03-08* | - | Front end meeting |
| *2018-03-10* | - | React learning |
| *2018-03-12* | 15:00-16:30 | Internal weekly meeting with the team |
| *2018-03-14* | 17:00-17:30 | Fixing npm |
| *2018-3-15* | 11:10-12:30 | Team meeting (with TA) and front end |
| *2018-03-15* | 16:30-17:00 | Fixing react |
| *2018-03-18* | 19:00-20:00 | Redux tutorials |
| *2018-03-21* | 11:00-14:00 | Redux auth |
| *2018-03-22* | 14:15-15:05 | Trying to fix auth |
| *2018-03-22* | 15:25-16:35 | Trying to fix auth |
| *2018-03-26* | 15:00-18:30 | Meeting + pair programming |
| *2018-03-29* | 11:00-13:00 | TA Team meeting |
| *2018-03-31* | 16:00-16:30 | Running app |
| *2018-04-01* | 20:00-21:00 | Familiarizing myself with project |
| *2018-04-03* | 9:00-11:00 | Presentation rehearsal meeting with TA and team |
| *2018-04-03* | 11:00-14:00 | Presentations |
| *2018-04-09* | 15:05-16:00 | Team meeting (internal) |
| *2018-04-12* | 11:00-13:00 | Weekly and personal TA meeting |
| *2018-04-16* | 15:30-17:00 | Weekly meeting + TA meeting |
| *2018-04-16* | 20:00-22:00 | Working on documents |
| *2018-04-17* | 15:15-16:30 | Timetracking + documents |
| *2018-04-19* | 20:00-20:30 | Survey three times |
| *2018-04-23* | 10:00-11:30 | Catch up/update documents/endpoint page design |
| *2018-04-23* | 12:00-13:00 | Endpoint page design |
| *2018-04-23* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-04-24* | 20:30-22:00 | Github/endpoint page |
| *2018-04-25* | 21:15-22:00 | Database/blank screen |
| *2018-04-28* | 14:00-14:45 | Endpoint page, documents |
| *2018-04-28* | 15:40-16:30 | Trying to add endpoint page |
| *2018-04-29* | 13:30-14:30 | Endpoint page/database problems |
| *2018-04-29* | 14:45-15:45 | Endpoint page |
| *2018-04-29* | 17:05-17:40 | Updating use cases |
| *2018-04-29* | 20:00-20:20 | Updating design/documents |
| *2018-04-30* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
