# Timelog for Jeroen Langhorst (s2534657)

| Date         |   Timestamp | Description                                                       |
| :---:        |       :---: | :---:                                                             |
| *2018-02-24* | 12:30-14:00 | Reading up on previous requirements documents |
| *2018-02-24* | 20:00-20:30 | Writing part of requirements document |
| *2018-02-26* | 12:00-12:30 | Writing part of requirements document |
| *2018-03-04* | 14:00-14:30 | Preparation for meeting |
| *2018-03-04* | 14:30-15:00 | Setting up workspace + Flask |
| *2018-03-04* | 15:00-16:00 | Doing tutorials on Flask |
| *2018-03-05* | 15:00-16:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-03-05* | 16:00-17:00 | Backend discussion |
| *2018-03-07* | 19:00-21:00 | Work on Flask tutorial |
| *2018-03-08* | 11:00-12:00 | TA meeting |
| *2018-03-08* | 12:00-13:00 | Backend discussion |
| *2018-03-08* | 21:00-21:30 | Setting up issues and architectural design doc |
| *2018-03-09* | 15:30-16:00 | Writing architecture design doc - introduction |
| *2018-03-09* | 16:00-16:30 | Making overview on excel sheet |
| *2018-03-12* | 15:00-16:00 | Meeting |
| *2018-03-15* | 11:00-12:00 | TA meeting |
| *2018-03-18* | 15:00-17:00 | Setting up api routes & getting familiar with jsonapi format |
| *2018-03-19* | 15:00-17:00 | Meeting  |
| *2018-03-22* | 11:00-12:00 | TA meeting |
| *2018-03-22* | 19:00-21:00 | Reading up on ZODB and ZOE |
| *2018-03-23* | 22:00-22:30 | Updating requirements document |
| *2018-03-24* | 19:00-21:00 | Setting up workspace, again... |
| *2018-03-26* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-03-26* | 20:00-21:30 | Rework timetracking sheet |
| *2018-03-29* | 11:00-12:00 | TA meeting |
| *2018-04-01* | 14:00-17:00 | Presentation preparation |
| *2018-04-03* | 9:00-11:00 | Presentation meeting |
| *2018-04-03* | 11:00-14:00 | Presentations |
| *2018-04-05* | 11:00-12:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-04-06* | 12:00-13:00 | Update ADD |
| *2018-04-09* | 15:00-16:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-04-13* | 12:30-13:30 | Individual meeting with TA |
| *2018-04-14* | 16:00-22:00 | Bugfixing periodic fetching |
| *2018-04-15* | 12:00-16:00 | Implementing Logger |
| *2018-04-15* | 16:00-17:30 | Logging request traffic |
| *2018-04-16* | 13:00-14:30 | Setting up meeting and fixing swagger API |
| *2018-04-16* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting + TA meeting |
| *2018-04-16* | 19:00-22:00 | UML!!1! |
| *2018-04-17* | 19:30-20:00 | testing PR #146 |
| *2018-04-19* | 21:00-23:00 | Work on setting up Travis |
| *2018-04-21* | 20:00-20:30 | Fixing issue #158 |
| *2018-04-23* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-04-27* | 13:00-14:00 | Checking pull requests |
| *2018-04-27* | 14:00-16:30 | Writing tests |
| *2018-04-27* | 18:00-19:00 | Checking + fixing pull requests |
| *2018-04-27* | 19:30-23:00 | Working on tests |
| *2018-04-28* | 16:45-17:15 | Checking + fixing pull requests |
| *2018-04-28* | 19:30-19:45 | Updating requirements document |
| *2018-04-28* | 20:00-21:45 | Updating AAD |
| *2018-04-28* | 21:45-22:30 | Writing tests |
| *2018-04-28* | 22:30-23:15 | Checking PR |
| *2018-04-28* | 17:00-18:00 | Returning dashboard error state in api calls |
| *2018-04-30* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting + TA meeting |
| *2018-05-01* | 9:00-11:00 | More tests! |
| *2018-05-01* | 21:00-22:00 | Helping out with PR corrections + setting up for PR into master |
| *2018-05-07* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting + TA meeting |
| *2018-05-10* | 18:00-23:00 | Working on dashboard creation API |
| *2018-05-14* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting + TA meeting |
| *2018-05-15* | 18:00-18:30 | Write customer meeting log  |
| *2018-05-15* | 18:30-19:30 | Updating backend API description |
| *2018-05-15* | 19:30-21:30 | Fix backend password checking |
