# Timelog for Wiebe-Marten (s2776278)

| Date         |   Timestamp | Description                                                       |
| :---:        |       :---: | :---:                                                             |
| *2018-02-22* | 13:11-13:21 | Sharing notulen with Slack-group |
| *2018-02-22* | 13:21-13:36 | Making Timetracking spreadsheet |
| *2018-03-05* | 15:00-16:30 | Team meeting |
| *2018-03-06* | 16:30-17:00 | Filling in issues on the GitHub Project |
| *2018-03-07* | 19:00-21:00 | Working on the initial Flask setup (#4, #7) |
| *2018-03-08* | 11:00-13:00 | Team meeting with Patrick |
| *2018-03-08* | 9:00-10:00 | Working on the initial Flask setup (#4, #7) |
| *2018-03-08* | 21:29-23:30 | Working on the initial Flask setup (#4, #7) (Finished, bar PR reviews!) |
| *2018-03-08* | 22:30-23:20 | Working on Architecture Document - back-end section (#20) |
| *2018-03-09* | 0:20-0:39 | Working on Requirements Document - nonfunctional requirements section (#11) |
| *2018-03-09* | 13:45-14:11 | Fixing PR #22 based on Patrick's review |
| *2018-03-12* | 15:00-16:30 | Team meeting |
| *2018-03-17* | 17:00-19:00 | Implementing ZODB (#27, #36, #41) |
| *2018-03-19* | 11:00-15:00 | Implementing ZODB (#27, #36, #41) |
| *2018-03-19* | 15:00-17:00 | Team meeting |
| *2018-03-20* | 13:00-15:00 | Writing out current backend<->frontend API in Swagger |
| *2018-03-22* | 11:00-13:00 | Team meeting with Patrick |
| *2018-03-22* | 13:10-13:20 | Publishing Minutes |
| *2018-03-26* | 13:00-14:00 | Testing Chronos #48 |
| *2018-03-26* | 15:20-17:00 | Team Meeting |
| *2018-03-26* | 22:00-1:00 | Working on Background Tasks scheduler (#48, #71) |
| *2018-03-27* | 8:30-11:00 | Working on Background Tasks scheduler (#48, #71) |
| *2018-03-27* | 18:00-19:00 | Working on Background Tasks scheduler (#48, #71) |
| *2018-03-26* | 11:00-13:00 | Team meeting with Patrick |
| *2018-03-29* | 12:30-13:30 | Aggregator functionality |
| *2018-03-30* | 21:00-0:00 | CORS fixing, Frontend Graph rendering with mock data (#103) |
| *2018-03-30* | 16:00-18:00 | Frontend Graph rendering with mock data (#103) |
| *2018-03-31* | 16:00-19:00 | Frontend Graph rendering with mock data (#103) |
| *2018-04-01* | 21:00-22:00 | Frontend Graph rendering with mock data (#103) |
| *2018-04-02* | 13:30-16:00 | Frontend Graph rendering with mock data (#103) |
| *2018-04-05* | 12:30-13:00 | Working on Frontend/Sounds2 (#134) |
| *2018-04-12* | 11:00-12:30 | Team meeting with Patrick |
| *2018-04-12* | 12:30-13:00 | Working on Frontend/Sounds2 (#134) |
| *2018-04-12* | 13:00-13:20 | Individual meeting with Patrick |
| *2018-04-12* | 13:30-15:15 | Working on Frontend/Sounds2 (#134) |
| *2018-04-12* | 15:15-16:35 | Improving Architecture Document (backend stack, database design) |
| *2018-04-23* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-04-23* | 21:00-23:00 | Fixing Periodic Fetching |
| *2018-04-24* | 16:00-18:00 | Fixing Periodic Fetching |
| *2018-04-25* | 11:00-14:00 | Fixing Periodic Fetching; Refactoring |
| *2018-04-25* | 14:30-15:00 | Fixing Flask-Monitoring-Dashboard off-by-one error with PR there |
| *2018-04-25* | 15:30-18:20 | Fixing Periodic Fetching; Refactoring |
| *2018-04-26* | 12:00-13:00 | Testing/Continuous Integration |
| *2018-04-26* | 14:15-15:45 | Testing/Continuous Integration |
| *2018-04-27* | 0:00-0:30 | Fixing serving of React app |
| *2018-04-28* | 0:00-0:30 | Testing/Continuous Integration |
| *2018-04-28* | 10:00-12:00 | Testing/Continuous Integration |
| *2018-04-29* | 0:00-0:30 | Testing/Continuous Integration |
| *2018-04-29* | 6:00-7:30 | Frontend Refactoring |
| *2018-04-29* | 14:00-15:15 | Frontend Cards + Graph |
| *2018-04-30* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly Meeting (with Patrick for first part) |
| *2018-04-30* | 17:00-17:45 | Debugging Account Creation |
| *2018-04-30* | 19:00-19:18 | Writing out timetracking for Sprint #4 |
| *2018-05-01* | 21:00-21:30 | Fixing signing in in Frontend (#193/#223) |
| *2018-05-01* | 21:30-21:45 | Frontend: Showing message if no dashboards (#224) |
| *2018-05-02* | 13:00-15:00 | Frontenders Meeting |
| *2018-05-02* | 14:00-19:00 | Breadcrumbs |
| *2018-05-03* | 15:00-18:00 | Breadcrumbs, responsive graphs |
| *2018-05-17* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly Meeting (with Patrick for first part) |
| *2018-05-07* | 17:00-19:00 | Fix overview loading |
| *2018-05-07* | 22:00-1:00 | Aggregator Refactor |
| *2018-05-08* | 9:00-11:00 | Aggregator Refactor |
| *2018-05-08* | 13:00-15:00 | Frontenders Meeting |
| *2018-05-11* | 6:00-8:00 | Improved build and run script, Time tabs |
| *2018-05-12* | 6:00-9:00 | Time tabs |
| *2018-05-13* | 23:00-2:00 | Time tabs |
| *2018-05-14* | 10:00-15:00 | Aggregator Groups WIP |
| *2018-05-14* | 9:00-10:00 | Registration front-end validation |
| *2018-05-14* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly Meeting (with Patrick for first part) |
| *2018-05-14* | 17:00-18:20 | Front-enders meeting |
| *2018-05-15* | 12:00-13:00 | Fixing Breadcrumbs on Endpoints page |
| *2018-05-15* | 13:00-15:00 | Fixing menu height+width on various screen sizes |
| *2018-05-16* | 11:00-13:00 | Hallway testing |
| *2018-05-16* | 13:00-16:00 | Hallway issues |
| *2018-05-21* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-05-21* | 15:00-17:00 | Fix some frontend hallway issues |
| *2018-05-28* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-05-28* | 18:00-20:00 | Snackbar Notifier component, multi-indexed-collection fixing |
| *2018-05-29* | 18:00-20:15 | Small front-end fixes |
