# Timelog for Jeroen Overschie (s2995697)

| Date         |   Timestamp | Description                                                       |
| :---:        |       :---: | :---:                                                             |
| *2018-02-22* | 12:30-12:55 | Add new person to Drive & Slack group. Organize req. doc. |
| *2018-02-25* | 23:25-0:08 | Add Cover to req. doc. and denote part of API spec. |
| *2018-03-05* | 15:00-16:45 | Team Meeting |
| *2018-03-07* | 17:00-18:30 | Add some frontends tasks and run React blueprint |
| *2018-03-09* | 16:45-17:30 | Investigate required React dependencies / structure / organization |
| *2018-03-12* | 15:00-17:00 | React.js research. |
| *2018-03-13* | 15:00-17:00 | Team Meeting |
| *2018-03-14* | 13:00-13:30 | Organize |
| *2018-03-15* | 11:00-13:00 | TA Team meeting |
| *2018-03-17* | 15:00-16:00 | Investigate redux-auth-wrapper |
| *2018-03-19* | 15:00-17:00 | Team meeting |
| *2018-03-19* | 17:00-17:30 | Update Github issues according to meeting. |
| *2018-03-19* | 17:30-19:00 | Implement basic responsive drawer / sidebar ðŸŒ¹ |
| *2018-03-22* | 11:00-13:00 | TA Team meeting |
| *2018-03-23* | 11:00-13:00 | Front-End meeting with Alberto on friday - working on Authentication! |
| *2018-03-23* | 13:00-13:37 | Clean up auth code a bit ðŸ’Ž |
| *2018-03-24* | 22:30-23:45 | Organization; GitHub Issues; react login authentication investigative work. |
| *2018-03-26* | 15:00-16:00 | Team Meeting |
| *2018-03-26* | 16:00-18:30 | Front-End pair-programming session with Lars, get login working! ðŸš€ |
| *2018-03-29* | 11:00-13:00 | TA Team meeting |
| *2018-03-29* | 13:15-15:00 | Restructure frontend folders; Fix some issues |
| *2018-04-01* | 21:00-22:00 | GH issues / checkout graph branch by WM |
| *2018-04-02* | 16:30-17:30 | Work on various branches > checking out graphs |
| *2018-04-02* | 22:18-1:50 | Work on presentation |
| *2018-04-03* | 9:05-10:50 | Rehearsal |
| *2018-04-03* | 11:00-12:30 | Present the project! |
| *2018-04-06* | 22:00-0:00 | Create a PR for /username-in-sidebar and work on /protected-pages branch |
| *2018-04-09* | 15:00-16:00 | Team Meeting |
| *2018-04-12* | 11:00-13:00 | TA Team meeting |
| *2018-04-12* | 11:30-12:00 | Add a section on Front-End technology stack in the Architecture Document |
| *2018-04-16* | 15:00-17:00 | (Last) Team Meeting. Also; update Arch. doc & protected pages. |
| *2018-04-17* | 11:30-12:30 | Close some issues, comment some stuff, merge PR, etc. |
