# Timelog for Alberto (s3541843)

| Date         |   Timestamp | Description                                                       |
| :---:        |       :---: | :---:                                                             |
| *2018-02-22* | 11:00-13:00 | First meeting with TA/customer and PyDash.io group |
| *2018-02-26* | 15:00-17:00 | meeting |
| *2018-02-26* | 19:00-19:45 | Writing target users |
| *2018-03-1* | 11:00-13:00 | Weekly TA meeting |
| *2018-03-3* | 13:00-14:30 | Instaling pycharm,Flask and understanding how they work |
| *2018-03-5* | 15:00-16:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-03-5* | 16:00-17:00 | Installing virtual studio  |
| *2018-03-08* | 11:00-12:00 | Weekly TA meeting |
| *2018-03-08* | 12:00-13:00 | Front end meeting |
| *2018-03-11* | 10:00-11:30 | Getting use to react and making mock examples |
| *2018-03-12* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-03-19* | 15:00-16:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-03-19* | 16:00-16:30 | Front end meeting |
| *2018-03-21* | 11:00-14:00 | Meeting Lars-Frontend(Introducing login with Redux in our code) |
| *2018-03-22* | 11:00-12:40 | Weekly TA meeting |
| *2018-03-23* | 11:00-13:00 | Meeting with Jeroen O. Redux-react auth |
| *2018-03-29* | 11:00-13:00 | Weekly TA meeting |
| *2018-03-31* | 16:00-18:00 | MWorking on the dashboard with charts |
| *2018-04-3* | 9:00-11:00 | Meeting presentations |
| *2018-04-3* | 11:00-14:00 | Presentations |
| *2018-04-5* | 11:00-12:00 | Thursday meeting with the group |
| *2018-04-5* | 11:30-13:00 | Updating front-end notes on architectural document |
| *2018-04-16* | 13:00-15:00 | Meeting  |
| *2018-04-16* | 18:45-19:45 | Specific dashboard design |
| *2018-04-20* | 17:00-18:30 | Working on fixing 404 error #151 |
| *2018-04-20* | 18:30-19:30 | Updating logo on web browser's tab |
| *2018-04-21* | 19:00-21:00 | Working on account registration #147 |
| *2018-04-22* | 9:00-10:30 | Working on fixing 404 error #151 |
| *2018-04-22* | 10:30-14:00 | Working on account registration #147 |
| *2018-04-23* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-04-24* | 10:00-12:30 | Working on adding seetings for every graph #170 |
| *2018-04-25* | 10:00-12:00 | Adding new features #170 |
| *2018-04-28* | 17:00-18:00 | Resolving conflicts with PR and merging branch #171 |
| *2018-04-29* | 17:30-18:30 | Resolving conflicts and using register_user api #162 |
| *2018-04-30* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
| *2018-05-01* | 11:30-14:30 | Fixing problems with the registration functionality #147 |
| *2018-05-02* | 13:00-15:00 | Front end meeting |
| *2018-05-03* | 12:30-14:00 | Implementing user settings #242 |
| *2018-05-03* | 18:00-20:00 | Trying to send props components with the user info #242 |
| *2018-05-04* | 11:00-11:30 | Working on snackbars #227 |
| *2018-05-04* | 18:30-20:30 | Working on snackbars notifications on logging in/out #229 |
| *2018-05-08* | 13:30-15:30 | Front end meeting |
| *2018-05-08* | 16:30-17:45 | Working on userSettingsForm #242 |
| *2018-05-08* | 17:45-18:00 | Updating architectural document #268 |
| *2018-05-08* | 18:00-18:30 | Showing message when user registered successfully |
| *2018-05-09* | 11:00-12:00 | Toggle button to switch on/off sounds |
| *2018-05-12* | 13:00-14:30 | Working on user settings using the APIs calls #242 |
| *2018-05-12* | 16:00-18:00 | Working on user settings using the APIs calls #242 |
| *2018-05-15* | 12:30-15:00 | Working on user settings change_settings #242 |
| *2018-05-15* | 15:00-17:00 | Weekly meeting |
